Standalone gz sim executable (Jetty) (#2849)
gazebosim/gz-sim: src/cmd/CMakeLists.txt

  INPUT "${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/model${PROJECT_VERSION_MAJOR}.yaml.configured"
)

#===============================================================================
# Generate the ruby script for internal testing of sim command.
# Note that the major version of the library is included in the name.
# Ex: cmdsim0.rb
set(gz_sim_ruby_path
  "${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR}/test/lib/$<CONFIG>/ruby/gz/cmdsim${PROJECT_VERSION_MAJOR}")
set(cmd_sim_script_generated_test "${gz_sim_ruby_path}.rb")
set(cmd_sim_script_configured_test
  "${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/test_cmdsim${PROJECT_VERSION_MAJOR}.rb.configured")

> # Set the library_location variable to the full path of the library file within

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Set the sim_exe_location variable to the full path of the executable within
```

install(FILES ${model_configured} DESTINATION ${CMAKE_INSTALL_DATAROOTDIR}/gz/)

#===============================================================================
# Used for the installed sim command version.
# Generate the ruby script that gets installed.
# Note that the major version of the library is included in the name.
# Ex: cmdsim0.rb
set(cmd_sim_script_generated "${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/cmdsim${PROJECT_VERSION_MAJOR}.rb")
set(cmd_sim_script_configured "${cmd_sim_script_generated}.configured")

> # Set the library_location variable to the relative path to the library file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Set the sim_exe_location variable to the relative path to the executable
```
